And it's gonna run everything for you.
Um, and to run a Python script,
You can just open up a comment prompt and navigate to the script location,
And then just run the script, uh, by...
with this command, called Python...
Followed by the scripting.
And if you... if you just want to test out some code, you can...
simply run Python to open up Python Interpreter. If I just type
Is Python-
Oh. Okay.
Okay, if I just type in Python...
This allows me to run Python code.
I guess, right-
And I can exit the environment.
So, um, work on here is...
is the way to choose environment using Percival and wrapper. When you're using Anaconda, it's gonna be...
I think it's gonna be Conda Space.
the environment name.
Okay. Okay, the next thing, uh, you need to know about Python is that it allows
importing functions from local scripts.
by using the import statement.
So this is how the code is gonna be like.
So, if you have a script called utils,
the PY, and then you want to import the GetCityData function from it.
You can type this.
So, um, again, if...
again, in a... in a real-world project.
You usually see all of those imports at the top.
So notice here, I import, um...
some functions, some classes from...
From this typing module...
I import, uh, these results, uh,
I don't know, it's either a variable or a function.
From the unit test, uh, module,
And these other functions from these modules.
Okay-
Yep. So, um...
Yeah, you can, um, you can import either local scripts or, uh,
Python modules.
And, um, you can... if you need... if you require more modules, let's say you set up a local system, you don't have
pandas and NumPy yet, you can... you can install it by running this code conda install pandas and pip install pandas.
And then just use it in your code, like so.
So, let's say...
this code, for example, if I create a new code.
code cell-
If I don't have this...
this import statement.
It says PD is not defined.
But if I import the Pandas module and give it an Elias PD,
then it should work, right-
And, uh, you can also use tryExcept to handle errors.
um... like this.
You have... let's see if this can work.
On this code.
All right. So, um...
let's say that... okay, C...
system argument, um, it basically...
um, allows you to run...
Um, to get an argument from a command line.
application. This is something that you're... you're gonna use in your...
in your final pro... in your final project for this course.
So, um, let's see...
So it goes to invalid city name providers, so...
In other words, it goes to this error,
The reason is that, um...
6 ARCV.
So if we do this...
It actually has a...
an argument, so this variable is not empty.
Okay- That's why it's larger than 1.
Right- So it goes... it goes to this.
Uh, it goes to this, um...
scope.
But then, the fir- uh, the second argument...
index 1. If you lower it, which is this argument,
is not a city name.
Right- That's why it goes to...
this value error, invalid city name provided. And that's why it prints out that error.
Okay.
You may catch different types of errors, so these are, like, the types of errors you can use.
Or you can use other types of errors.
And then you can shop for them.
And this documentation-
Those are the types of errors.
Uh, but personally, I use AI agents to help me with those.